Gold sign
How can gold have a gold sign?
Absolutely impossible
Hurry up and catch him
His sign is definitely fake
Bold and paranormal imitation of gold signs is a capital offense
Take it away from me
I see who dares?
death medal
How can you have
The crayfish I made was loved by the Lord
Where's my golden sign?
And this gold medal of immunity from death is a gift from the Holy Spirit
Li Yue, you dare the Emperor Martial
I dare not
Impossible absolutely impossible
It turned out to be the real king
What are you doing?
I just want to tell you something.
harm others and harm themselves
I am Hanhai Kowloon famous for a week
I'm not afraid of you at all
We Deng Zhiqiang
Boss Ding
This is my fault
I also received the above knowledge
Don't be angry.
I hope this is only the last time.
otherwise
Next time I will visit Lord Wang in person
40 Lord Throne
Of course, my death-free gold medal
It was given to me by Lord Wang himself
Do you know?
You will need the place below in the future.
Just say it.
Farewell
I'm pissed off.
Husband, they have a gold medal to avoid death
What can we do now?
We will definitely not be able to grab the customer.
Mingyu still has a wife, right?
What do you want to do, sir?
He forgot his wife
The Three Kingdoms are not a disaster for wives and children
Are we going too far?
Too much shit
He forced me